Update RELEASING.md to account for GitHub release creation by the CLI pipeline (#530)
IntersectMBO/cardano-api: RELEASING.md

    >
    >CHaP CI build can fail due to various reasons, like invalid haddock syntax.
    >Merging the release PR later allows easier adjusting of the tag to include the fix for the potential issues.
1. If a GitHub release is automatically created by the CI, as visible on https://github.com/IntersectMBO/cardano-api/releases,
   undraft the release by clicking the pen on the top right, then untick _Set as a pre-release_, and
   finally select _Update release_.

   >:warning: **GitHub bug**
   >

>    > If you try to undraft a PR using the [gh API](https://github.com/IntersectMBO/cardano-cli/pull/749),

Reviewer: I'm not sure that I understand this link. What should I notice there?

Author: This was a copy/paste error, I meant https://docs.github.com/fr/rest/releases/releases?apiVersion=2022-11-28#update-a-release instead. I changed :+1:

   > you will observe that the `PATCH` endpoint messes up existing metadata of the release (author, associated commit, etc.).

>    > So you HAVE to use the UI, as described in the previous item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > So you HAVE to use the UI, as described above.
```

Author: Changed :+1:
